In this video I'm gonna to show you how to document a query parameter which is different than a path
parameter.
So this is a path parameter with it's a go and add example of a query parameter.
So these are going to be your URL encoded parameters that gets set up at the end of your your l string.
So I am going to set up a example here in our control.
It really isn't taking any parameters and but fortunately we have some flexibility there so I can say
pram.
I must say it is called so we're going to be asking for a cold beer from the API.
So this is just hypothetical.
The API itself does not take it on the parameter but if we pass along query parameters that even aren't
defined for the controller.
Controller is just going to ignore them.
But so I'm going through this as an exercise and documentation just to show you this functionality.
So the syntax can get a little confusing when we start expanding this out.
So I'm going to do a little change here.
So now what we want to do is
we can say request parameters and this is going to be the same parameter with name and we get it and
say is cold like so that description
so I'm adding a little description there.
So when you start adding in multiple things like this the syntax can get a little tricky so keep an
eye on that.
So now I'm just gonna go ahead and run this testing and make sure that we do run properly.
So we do get a green test back.
So everything ran good.
And this documentation would be generated and in the testing.
So this is just an example is called does not exist on this controller but this is an example because
I know you'll have use cases where you do want to be documenting not only path parameters but your request
parameters so your query parameters that get passed in at the end of the year are also very very important
piece of documentation to add and then you can see that I've added and little trying to get the syntax
indented properly so it's a little more readable.